docs: update direction of joins section (#6541)
cube-js/cube: docs/content/Schema/Fundamentals/Working-with-Joins.mdx

</CodeTabs>

With the given data model, we have two valid analytics use cases that require different join directions.

> The first case is to calculate the total revenue per customer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__The first case is to calculate the total revenue per customer.__
```

> To do this, we'll use the `total_revenue` measure that is defined on the orders cube. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, we'll use the `total_revenue` measure that is defined in the `orders` cube. 
```

We need to be aware that orders can be placed without customer registration (anonymous customers/guest checkouts). 

> Therefore, we should start the join from the `orders` cube onto the `customers` cube to ensure that we do not lose data from anonymous orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we should ensure that the `orders` cube is on the _left_ side of the join so we do not lose data from anonymous orders.
```
I'm not sure that "start the join" is a good way to put it. Also, in the beginning of this particular page, "_left_" semantics is already used (please check it out).

<CodeTabs>

```yaml
views:
  - name: total_revenue_per_customer
    description: Total revenue per customer

    cubes:
      - join_path: orders
        includes:
          - total_revenue
          - created_at

      - join_path: orders.customers
        includes:
          - company
```

```javascript
view(`total_revenue_per_customer`, {

});
```

</CodeTabs>

We can query this view as follows:

```json
{
  "dimensions": ["total_revenue_per_customer.company"],
  "measures": ["total_revenue_per_customer.total_revenue"],
  "timeDimensions": [{
    "dimension": "total_revenue_per_customer.created_at"
  }]
}
```

> The second case is to find customers who have not placed any orders. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__The second case is to find customers who have not placed any orders.__
```
